Admin Generator (Future): Implement option to set Tooltips for grid column headers (#2362)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/flat-mirrors-provide.md

Reviewer: We decided to not add changesets for the future Admin Generator for now, so please remove it.

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
---

> Admin Generator: `tooltipMessage` option in `GridColumnConfig` is added
> 
> Setting a `tooltipMessage` for a column will generate a `Tooltip` with that message in the column header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admin Generator (Future): Add support for tooltips for grid column headers

Setting the `tooltipMessage` option for a column will generate a `Tooltip` with that message in the column header.
```
